c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularCrud.dll.config
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularCrud.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularCrud.pdb
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\obj\Debug\AngularCrud.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\obj\Debug\AngularCrud.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\obj\Debug\AngularCrud.pdb
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularDataAccess.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularModel.dll
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularDataAccess.pdb
c:\users\gerald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularModel.pdb
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularCrud.dll.config
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularCrud.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularCrud.pdb
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularModel.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularDataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\AngularModel.pdb
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\obj\Debug\AngularCrud.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\obj\Debug\AngularCrud.dll
C:\Users\Manaka\Desktop\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\AngularCrud\obj\Debug\AngularCrud.pdb
